{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1344\cocoasubrtf720
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15560\viewh15100\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Research\
\
ESPN.com\
I hate the chaotic layout of this site. But it has been the absolute model of nearly every for-profit news site created since 2005.\
When you open up this site on mobile, it looks very similar to the desktop, despite the constraints. The first thing I notice is it prompts me at both the top and the bottom to download the app. Clearly this is their preferred method of my browsing. The header remains similar to the desktop version, but with dropdown menus instead of the links laid out horizontally across the bar. The score bar was above the center piece video, moved to underneath the centerpiece video, and the news headlines which were to the right of the focal point has moved to underneath. While focal point is upper-right of center on this desktop site, center center becomes focus on mobile. One thing worthy of noting is the sliding video screen now has a (1/5) on it, telling the user there are 4 other videos, because on desktop you can see that by the 4 squares below the video, they are able to replace 4 big squares with a simple (1/5) symbol. When you shrink the desktop version, everything stays the same size, the focus remains center until you\'92re smaller than the focus and you can scroll anywhere you wish. \
\
RelayFoods.com\
I love this site, it is an online grocery store. When the desktop is shrunk in size, things stack. So when you\'92re as narrow as Safari will allow you to be, you have to scroll just slightly right to see the 3rd column, but mostly rely on up and down to see stuff. Additionally, while the picture shrunk, the text in the center of the image stacks for fitting, and maintaining focal-point. The fixed header, however will not allow horizontal scrolling, which keeps you from hitting the order button, I\'92m guessing an unintentional fault and the designers haven\'92t caught it yet. Like espn.com, RelayFoods.com encourages downloading the app, and m.relayfoods.com is operated like a totally separate site. This site does a terrific job making the user feel the site was built for mobile. Nothing feels forced into a smaller size, rather built for it.\
\
Medium.com\
Medium is my favorite website design. It\'92s simplicity makes navigating easy and enjoyable, which is remarkable considering there is an enormous amount of content on the site and it doesn\'92t stress me out or feel endless. Lots of white space, clear fonts, full-width imagery that compresses nicely with shrinking make this just as legible in mobile as it is full screen desktop. Medium is not a separate m.medium site. The header bar has smooth horizontal scrolling which tells you how far left or right you are with a scroll bar that appears and disappears when you use it. The text maintains enough size and spacing to read nicely, but doesn\'92t have too much scrolling, it hits the sweet spot. The footer shrinks from text to icons only, and moves the text into the body and out of the footer to create more room. }